So depression starts with constant despair. There's a thumping pain in your chest and your head starts throbbing with constant thoughts. I guess the reason behind it is feeling worthless and supposing you've goofed up on everything.

But after some time you just become emotionally numb and you're now not in possession of your own life. There's an absolute drain of energy, and even uncomplicated chores seem impossible to execute. You eventually start losing the capacity to feel for e.g food doesn't taste as good as it used to, conversations now seem like a burden.

Self-loathing steps in now with overwhelming guilt. And the guilt begins to consume every inch of you. Periodically you just wanna hide, become invisible and flee away.

Slowly the will to breathe decreases but somehow the air keeps seeping in. So you just start pushing everybody that loves you as far away as possible because you don't deserve them. 

And you apply a clown face and pretend everything is cool and content while inside, you are exploding. You start being afraid of being alone with your own thoughts and not wanting anyone around you.

Depression will make your friends uncomfortable and the price for having depression grows higher and higher with every lost friend, with every pill that will make you feel powerless.

When you're finally on the verge of blowing up and you start despising yourself every day of your life, you might start having panic attacks to make things additionally intriguing.

So during a panic attack, your limbs go numb and you can't breathe, an overwhelming crushing feeling that something terrible is gonna happen will activate your body's fight or flight response. You'll start perspiring and experience burning or tightness in your chest. This whole process lasts for around two to three minutes. And if you're in public. Voila!  

After the first panic attack, your life changes, and things get much more superficial. You'll start accepting your worthless life and cage yourself in four walls. Apparently, you won't be able to express yourself confidently in public, and now you'll start to rehearse before you converse.

Overwhelmed by the curse to rehearse verse by verse a conversation immersed in your mind that’s never conversed. You'll stop communicating
and become silent even after mugging up all the words in the dictionary.

And the funny part is you'll stop caring about stuff society regards substantial. So the few people left in your life whom you still haven't managed to drive away will start taking charge of your life and maybe take you to a therapist so that you can be functional again.

The problem with therapy is you start hoping. Hoping that things would turn around for you and you'll be fixed. So for the first few weeks, you are honest with the therapist. Then you start to form a bond with him/her and start to care about his/her feelings and everything seems so wonderful. but of course, on the inside, you're just getting worse. And now to make others think you're fixed you start pretending. 

So you'll start smiling and start hiding your scars now even from yourself. But you can't run away. I've never attempted suicide or anything I've never let it get that far because despite the fact that I am so fucked up and am in so much pain. I am scared, yeah I am so scared of hurting other people . Seriously I don't give a shit that my career doesn't seem great, I don't even care about money. All I care about is not hurting my Maa, she is the reason I live, she needs me. So I smile for her, I act like I am better for her. I crack jokes to make her laugh. I don't believe in God but still, I pray that someday I'll get okay.
